README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">TikTok Desktop</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/tiktok-desktop/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/aur/version/tiktok-desktop?style=flat-square&logo=arch-linux&label=AUR" alt="AUR Version"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/rhythmcreative/tiktok/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-Linux%20%7C%20macOS%20%7C%20Windows-lightgrey?style=flat-square" alt="Platforms"></a>
  <a href="#license"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/rhythmcreative/tiktok/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/rhythmcreative/tiktok?style=flat-square" alt="Version"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  An open source TikTok desktop application for all platforms to use.
  I created this because in waydroid i cant use tiktok so I created tiktok for linux 🔥🔥✅
</p>

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [🚀 Project Overview](#-project-overview)
- [✨ Features](#-features)
- [📥 Installation](#-installation)
- [🔧 Usage](#-usage)


## 🚀 Project Overview

TikTok Desktop is an open-source, cross-platform application that brings the TikTok experience to your desktop. Built with performance and user experience in mind, it offers a clean interface for browsing TikTok content, creating videos, and interacting with the TikTok community without the limitations of a mobile device.

## ✨ Features

- For Linux
- Native desktop integration
- Enhanced video viewing experience on larger screens
- Video creation tools with desktop advantages
- Advanced filters and effects
- Content management dashboard
- Keyboard shortcuts for efficient navigation
- Notification system for likes, comments, and follows
- Dark mode and customizable interface

## 📥 Installation

### For linux

You can install TikTok Desktop from the AUR for Arch/Manjaro distributions:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rhythmcreative/tiktok.git
cd tiktok
chmod +x install.sh
sudo ./install.sh
```


## 🔧 Usage

After installation, launch the application from your application menu or desktop shortcut.

U launch it on the terminal via putting tiktok

## 🛰️ Screenshots

![alt text](image.png)

# This image its just for reference nothing more

Commit message:

docs: update README with multi-distribution support and installation details

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">TikTok Desktop</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/tiktok-desktop/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/aur/version/tiktok-desktop?style=flat-square&logo=arch-linux&label=AUR" alt="AUR Version"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/rhythmcreative/tiktok/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-Linux%20%7C%20macOS%20%7C%20Windows-lightgrey?style=flat-square" alt="Platforms"></a>
  <a href="#license"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=flat-square" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/rhythmcreative/tiktok/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/rhythmcreative/tiktok?style=flat-square" alt="Version"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  An open source TikTok desktop application for all platforms to use.
  I created this because in waydroid i cant use tiktok so I created tiktok for linux 🔥🔥✅
</p>

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [🚀 Project Overview](#-project-overview)
- [✨ Features](#-features)
- [📥 Installation](#-installation)
- [🔧 Usage](#-usage)


## 🚀 Project Overview

TikTok Desktop is an open-source, cross-platform application that brings the TikTok experience to your desktop. Built with performance and user experience in mind, it offers a clean interface for browsing TikTok content, creating videos, and interacting with the TikTok community without the limitations of a mobile device.

## ✨ Features

- For Linux
- Native desktop integration
- Enhanced video viewing experience on larger screens
- Video creation tools with desktop advantages
- Advanced filters and effects
- Content management dashboard
- Keyboard shortcuts for efficient navigation
- Notification system for likes, comments, and follows
- Dark mode and customizable interface

## 📥 Installation

### For Linux

The installer supports multiple distributions and will automatically handle system dependencies (Git, Node.js, npm, and build tools).

**Supported Distributions:**
- **Arch Linux** (and derivatives like Manjaro, EndeavourOS)
- **Debian / Ubuntu** (and derivatives like Linux Mint, Pop!_OS)
- **Fedora / RHEL / CentOS** (using DNF or YUM)

To install, clone the repository and run the `install.sh` script:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rhythmcreative/tiktok.git
cd tiktok
chmod +x install.sh
./install.sh
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Do not run the script with `sudo`**. The script will request root privileges only when necessary for installing system packages.

## 🔧 Usage

After installation, you can launch the application in several ways:
1. **Application Menu:** Look for "TikTok" in your desktop environment's app menu.
2. **Desktop Shortcut:** Use the "TikTok" icon on your desktop.
3. **Terminal:** Simply type `tiktok` in your terminal.

## 🛰️ Screenshots

![alt text](image.png)

# This image its just for reference nothing more
